hi
hello did you accept that waitressing
job today
yes i did thank you how was your day oh
it was
uh normal did you
study for your exams not exactly
what did you do i made something
oh for you
for me what is it
open it
it's a drawing of me
it's you drew this
it's very beautiful you're very
i'm beautiful welcome back
aggie hi how was your trip
oh we had a wonderful time
that's good what was right like
the place was fantastic
what did you do there did you go to the
house we had a tour of the osborne house
yes
and the hotel was comfortable oh yes
harold didn't want to leave our room i'm
sure he didn't
what else did you see oh the most
fantastic
shops ceramics craft works
i got almost all of my christmas
shopping
done so what's been happening here
what's new nothing
i see
agatha are you okay you seem a little
sad
well i rearranged the furniture but i
always feel
sad when i leave harold i know what you
need
to have a shower no you need to have a
break
a few days away at a beauty farm
that's a good idea victor are you doing
anything tomorrow
well i i haven't got anything planned
i'm not doing anything special
i think i'll send you to the burbank
beauty farm and somerset
well i oh but who's going to look after
this place while i'm away
i've got to clean the oven vacuum the
carpets
wash the curtains and then there's
ironing to be done
well i'll do that for you oh
but you don't know where i keep the mop
the vacuum cleaner
the iron come on agatha i know i live
here remember
it's decided pack your bags you're going
to a beauty farm
well okay thank you
i'm going to call betty now and see if
she wants to come
i'm so excited
um it's nice being alone yes
just the two of us what shall we do
we can move a little closer but we
promised agatha we would clean the house
well we can do it very quickly and i'd
like to change some of the furniture
while agatha's away
she changed things without asking me and
i'd like this house to to say something
about me
it's not just agatha's house right
okay chores now um
drawers well what are chores oh chores
are the little jobs around the house
that we need to do oh
i see yeah remember sweeping the floor
dusting the furniture
doing the shopping i love shopping
but that's not chore doing the shopping
is very different from going shopping
doing the shopping is food shopping oh
that reminds me i have to go to the
supermarket
to get some housekeeping things do you
need anything no
i stay here and start vacuuming oh
great i'll be back in half an hour
are you sure we don't need any special
ingredients for dinner tonight
no chan is bringing something from the
international food store later
not that chang again
[Music]
okay good i'll see you later okay bye
bye see you here's the tea
can you pass me the mug
now tell me all about the beauty center
oh marvelous it was a wonderful idea
the mud treatment was good for my skin
and the thermal baths were
so relaxing you should try it
did you have a massage massages and
aromatherapy in
all the rooms i feel great
in fact you should go there with victor
one day
what do you think that's a good idea
so it's not only for women no lots men
go there
it's a wellness center and a fitness
center too
i think victor would enjoy it i'll talk
to him about it
elena i want to ask you something
woman to woman
of course woman to woman
what do you think about victor
well i like victor he's a friend a good
friend
i mean as a woman
do you think he's handsome
well physically attractive
well yes um he's an answer man
are you attracted to him
uh i'm
yes he's attractive i i like him
i'm a bit worried
does he ever talk about his friends
oh yes he often mentions his friend
paul paul a friend
i've never met anyone called paul they
go to the gym together
to the gym what for
exercise swimming you know working out
on the exercise machines
i wonder who paul is
thanks for making the key give me a hug
dear
it's okay
hi lena hi agatha how was your day at
the beauty center
oh fine fine have you just been to the
gym
uh yes how did you guess oh with paul
actually yes but you don't know
paul no i don't
but elena told me about him
we'd love to meet him why don't you
invite him to supper one evening
i'll cook him a special meal of course
i will one of these days
so did you like the changing we did
while you were away yes
yes great now victor
i suggested that you and elena
should go to the beauty center together
one day
me to the beauty center well it's for
men
too and there's a fitness center well
i suppose you're right would you like to
do that elena
yes i would i'd love to
and i might invite paul to come too
no no just the two of
you that's the whole point
can you peel the potatoes did you buy
the steak
i'm starving steak and potatoes for me
victor
forget the potatoes we have to talk
you really should spend more time
socializing
you must get out more go to the movies
or something
but i have to prepare for my exams well
you can study during the week
not at the weekends you must dedicate
more free time to seeing your friends
and
making new friends like my new friend
paul no no i didn't mean him
you should take elena out with you
she could practice her english well i
have to study a lot it's my final year
i can't remember the last time you went
out with a girl
you're not ugly victor you do attract
women's attention
i can't understand it and you don't
have to tell me if you don't want to
thanks for that where's the butter for
frying
you don't need all that butter you
should use olive oil instead it's better
for you
i read an article in the newspaper about
depression and the foods we eat
what we eat affects our personality
and how we react to others i know
if i don't eat i'm not a nice person
okay i can't live on meat alone
there are the food groups breads cereals
rice and pasta poultry and fish and you
can exclude eggs
vegetables fruits beans milk yeah
yeah you use too much butter
you don't have to give up your butter
and chocolate biscuits
i'm just saying you should use less
it will help you to stay healthy and fit
and that's a good thing
isn't it sure but you have to eat
more vegetables they're an important
source of vitamins
i always have tomatoes and olives on my
pizza oh
dear i can't help you
you should go to a doctor and have a
checkup that's enough
i can't take it anymore you have to stop
trying to control my life
you should respect my life and how i
live it i'm sorry i just think that you
should
do things you should you shouldn't you
can't
you must you mustn't not everyone is
like you i
thank goodness i don't have to explain
my lifestyle to you
oh dear
what have i done oh did i offend him
uh why do you have those bags
where are you going i guess then i've
already decided
i'm moving out what
now you're leaving now where are you
going
what what has happened why are you
moving out
i don't want to disturb anyone i think
victor and i need to lead separate lives
victor needs his freedom
i'm so upset
not everyone has the same character
elena you're timid and shy
victor's more reserved not
everyone is sociable and outgoing like
me
i'm too demanding
now you're being dramatic i don't fit in
here
i'm leaving i'm going to betty's
upset does it mean sad yes
a combination of sad and angry perhaps
you didn't like the new furniture victor
but while you were away she said she
liked the bookcase anyway you're not
moving out don't be ridiculous
where will you leave i'm going to stay
with betty
for a few weeks then i'll decide
are you two fighting no well
we had an argument last night you just
have to respect other people's decisions
more that's all you don't have to move
out
i think victor is saying you just have
to give him more space
but you don't have to move a house to do
that
it won't be the same without you here
it's just sometimes you're stubborn and
selfish
but you're also very caring loyal
generous funny
funny like fun humorous
i'm demanding and bossy too right
listen you two i think we all have to
calm down
i don't understand all the words you're
using but insulting each other is not
going to help
victor you have a lot to do and i am
sure you've been
a little anxious recently
sorry agatha when i'm studying for exams
i become very nervous
this is an important time for me see
agatha he's apologizing and i'm sure
he's going to be kind and understanding
from now on
did you get caught in the rain is it
still raining
well i wasn't swimming in the thames
the rain started while i was riding back
from class
it's still raining now this weather is
terrible
come in um get warm
no she was on her way to yoga when i
came back from class
i hope you're not coming down with a
cold
your hair's still wet pass me the towel
i'll dry it for you
thanks that feels nice last night when i
came back from work it was also raining
that's london if you move a little
closer i can reach the back of your head
better
hey it's just me
are you okay all's well uh
it's just the base near the door that's
all oh i have to make a phone call
i'll do it from the other room so i
don't disturb you two they're
studying you don't have to um we can go
upstairs
i can go to my bedroom and elena is is
better off drying her hair in the
bathroom
yes of course
oh i have to tell betty i can't wait
good morning may i speak to betty
summers please
betty you'll never guess betty
oops sorry wrong betty
could you put me through to betty
summers please
she works in the accounts department on
the second floor
extension 566 yes i'll hold
thanks betty
you'll never guess what my little
brother was doing when i came home
he was sitting on the sofa kissing
elena no
no they were definitely kissing
it wasn't just a quick kiss they were
kissing when i arrived
home
do you want green tea or black agatha oh
green please
supposed to be very good for you you've
never had
green tea before agatha you said it
tastes bitter
are you starting a new diet no i just
think i need to be a little healthier
when i was a young girl i loved watching
mother make
afternoon tea her grandmother taught her
how to make a
proper pot of tea when we were children
agatha and betty would help mom make her
special jam drop biscuits
oh what are gem drop biscuits they're
biscuits
which you push your thumb into to leave
a little hole
to put the delicious homemade strawberry
jam
into dad and i love them our cousins
always had apple cakes with their tea
but jam drops were our favorite although
aunt
mary has always made marvelous jams
dusty is good mom sent it from
manchester
that's where our grandmother's from she
goes
often to visit relatives and old school
friends
oh where are you two from originally
well
mom's family is from manchester and
that's from the u.s
we spent our school years living with
our dad's family in arizona
until he was transferred here with work
then we lived in a flat in flagstaff and
we used to visit our granny
grandmother oh on the farm in the
country
okay guys i have something to tell you
i've just been to the doctors and oh is
everything okay
you have been ill a lot recently have
you taken those vitamin pills i left on
the table
victor i'm pregnant
hello have you known have you told adult
i've just spoken to him although he's
suspected for weeks
his transfer has just come through and
he's coming back to london for good
that's fantastic news
i wonder who that is i'll go
oh what a surprise
did you have a nice weekend yes i did
what about you what did you do on the
weekend
can you guess did you go to the cinema
no i didn't did you eat out at a
restaurant
sorry but still no so
did you go shopping yeah i do
you know i love shopping yeah i know
so what did you buy well two bags
three dresses and a pair of high heels
wow sounds great oh that sounds great
uh now okay remember need
you you can say ditch you in
communication
or you can say did you if you like but i
prefer saying youtube
i need you or do you uh and remember
youtube
after that is a verb we used it to to
ask
a question about the past something
happened
in the past for neat and needed
we have a corvy if you need anything
uh if you want me to do something for
you if you need any help you can call me
okay call me if you uh remember here
is long or core don't say
uh don't say cool or con okay
cor call me if you need
need anything need anything call me if
you need anything
anything remember th call me if you need
anything
number or sorry for needed they
they remember th they needed
your help you can link d and y
together together and it becomes
just like job okay engineer and then we
have
they needed your help they needed your
help
for number two decide and decided
you should decide what you want to wear
quickly
for example like um we are going to
or party something like that
and then uh i don't know
what to wear because you know i have a
lot of dresses and skirts
and i don't know uh which one is which
one is better for me
so i kind of has it uh hesitate
and then maybe my boyfriend talked to me
you should decide
quickly what you want to wear okay uh
so you should decide what you
t want to get what you want to you say
water
what you want to wear quickly quickly
that means
fast you should decide what you want to
wear quickly
you should decide what you want to wear
quickly
decided have you linked them together
have you
have you decided where to eat yet
eat tea and wine together you can say
you can link them together just like ch
chicken
eat chat have you decided where to eat
chat
have you decided where to eat yet that
means that we are going to
uh go to a restaurant to eat
but we we have
not decided yet where to eat we we don't
know
uh rest which restaurant to eat which
restaurant is better
so we are hesitant and we have to think
carefully air
before decide where to go to eat
so have you decided where to chat
have you decided where to eat yet
for number three divide and divide it
i'm going to divide our class into
two teams for example i'm the teacher
i'm teaching in my class a uh i have an
activity or maybe a game for them to
take part in
and then i will divide my class
into two teams two groups and then i
will talk to my
class okay i'm going to divide our class
into two teams
i'm going to you can say i'm gonna i'm
gonna divide
our class remember cl
class class into two teams
class and into you can link them
together class scene two
class into two teams i'm gonna divide
our class into two teams
now what divided here um
10 divided by 5
is 2. 10 divided by 5
is 2. you know this one right this is a
division
so 10 divided by 5
is 2 divided by
okay this is divided by
now next land and landed
ladies and gentlemen we are going to
land in 10 minutes
uh we are in a plane and i'm the hope
and i'm the hostess or maybe i'm the fl
or you can say i'm the flight attendant
you know flight attendant is much easier
for you to understand right so i'm the
flight attendant
uh we are going to land in 10 minutes
and then i will announce to the
customers to the passengers
that ladies and gentlemen ladies and
ladies and gentlemen we are going to
land it in 10 minutes ladies and
gentlemen we are going to land it in 10
minutes or
we are gonna we are gonna land
in 10 minutes uh
for landed our plane has landed
sorry our plane has landed safely
um uh okay before landing i will
talk to my passengers that ladies and
gentlemen
we are going to land in 10 minutes and
after
uh after the plane landed
safely and then that means like it go
down
onto the ground already and then i
announced to my passengers that our
plane has
landed i'm sorry our plane has landed
safely
okay everyone is safe everything is safe
our plane has landed safely
uh next pretend
and pretend it ah
remember pretend that mean you say or
you behave in a way that
makes people believe something
but that is not true okay don't pretend
that you knew nothing
um don't pretend don't pretend
that that and you can link them together
that's you don't breathe don't pretend
that
you knew nothing that you knew nothing
that means like
you didn't know anything that means
i know you knew something but you just
pretend
to me that you know nothing so i have to
talk to you
don't pretend that you knew nothing okay
because i
know you knew something don't pretend
that you knew nothing okay don't pretend
that you knew nothing
new here is the past uh simple
form of no you know the word no
no okay and then the past simple form
is new for pretended
he pretended to me that
he was at home was it
was at home he pretended
to me that he was at home he pretended
to me that he was at home